well howdy there internet people is Bo
again so tonight we're gonna talk about
conspiracy theories and why people
believe them for those that don't know
I'm a professional paranoid Humpty
Dumpty didn't fall he was pushed
love conspiracy theories they're great
thought exercises most or utter garbage
some are true and at some point I'll do
a video talking about the true ones but
tonight we're going to tear one apart
we're gonna tear one apart that is
gaining ground coming out of the
right-wing circles about the news
England shooting it didn't happen it was
all made up those were actors it was a
staged event the CIA staged it to make
Americans give up their guns okay so
let's just start with the concept the
CIA in order to believe that this theory
is even plausible you have to believe
that the CIA has a problem killing
innocent Muslims probably don't believe
that because it's not true they don't if
the CIA wanted to create this effect
they wouldn't staged it they would just
conduct it it's a whole lot easier to
send people in to go kill a bunch of
unarmed people than it is to fake it so
on its face this is stupid but we're
gonna go through the evidence that is
presented in these videos and blogs go
through each one and just kind of make
fun of it for a little bit and then
we're gonna explain why people believe
it okay that's not how people react when
they're shocked yeah it is that's
exactly how they react when it's when
they're shot contrary to every video and
blog that I have seen talking about this
the ar-15 is not high-powered it is not
high caliber it's two to three for those
overseas 5.56 millimeter two to three
that is 0.2 to
we've an inch-wide that's what that
means it's low intermediate power it
doesn't send people flying across the
room they don't get knocked down by the
force that's how he would that doesn't
happen in real life
it's a tiny bullet moving very very fast
it goes into you that's what it does
the entry wounds aren't big enough the
entry wound should be less than a
quarter of an inch that's that's how big
they are that's the giant entry wounds
you see on boobies that doesn't happen
in real life there are things that can
change it such as it hitting bone
instead of soft soft tissue or if it
passes through something else first and
sends the bullet wobbling you'll get a
larger entry wound but now they're
supposed to be very small it's a small
bullet there's not enough blood based on
what
what kind of wound is it well it's a
gunshot wound that doesn't tell me
anything
is it a sucking chest wound is it in the
liver the kidney did it hit an artery if
you don't know the answers to those
questions and you don't you can't say
that it's just something you made up you
should be able to see the holes in the
wall from where he missed okay for that
one we're going to conduct a little at
the demonstration there's wood block
back there blue dot red dot brown dot
you can see them right
this camera is higher resolution than
the live stream and you can see those
problem is those are an inch and a half
wide you can't see the purple dot the
purple dye by the way right there
well that's a quarter of an inch that's
why you don't see it okay in the car he
fires out the windshield and it should
have shattered gone everywhere that's
Hollywood that doesn't happen in real
life if it's low velocity you can get
some spidering but windshields are
safety glasses they're designed to not
shatter this was point-blank it wasn't
low velocity now I'm not gonna have
somebody shoot my truck
so put a link in the comments section
it's a 50 caliber BMG shooting a
windshield 50 caliber BMG is about the
most powerful thing you can get on the
civilian market guess what doesn't
happen it doesn't shatter and blow out
that that doesn't happen in real life it
takes a lot of rounds to do that the
most damning evidence there's a magazine
on the floor there is if you haven't
watched the video I suggest you don't
but guy walks in he's got a shotgun boom
boom boom
drops it pulls up the ar-15 he shoots
then turns bang bang bang and then he
comes back now if something was slung
when he turned guess where it would land
right where that magazine is or maybe he
went to pull another magazine out and
dropped it and when he was moving his
foot hit it and sent it down the hallway
all of these things are more believable
than the CIA staging this massive event
so they don't have to kill innocent
Muslims
what percentage of drone strikes are
collateral damage
they don't care on the premise on the
face the whole premise is false then the
military precision with which he moved
means he's an operator no felt there was
no military precision
that was amateur hour that should take
in half that
especially considering you're not
encountering any real resistance because
you're gunning down a bunch of unarmed
innocent people now there was no
military precision the accuracy of his
fire it wasn't accurate hitting the
person doesn't mean it's accurate
accurate is anyway that is explained by
that thing sitting on top of a rifle
those are is optics that's there's
nothing there's no great conspiracy here
that's the entirety of their evidence oh
there is one other thing there's a mean
floating around there's actually a few
variations of it but it's got a bloody
scene of a carpet and then another
carpet this is the carpets not even the
same they're faking it well the I looked
up the photo it's from years ago when
they used a mosque as a triage center
after an airstrike yeah of course the
carpets aren't the same they're from
different events on different continents
that's just something some wire threw
together
okay so why do people believe this stuff
I mean we ripped it apart in in minutes
why do people believe it because it's
comforting it is comforting to believe
that there's a plan that there's
somebody out there pulling the strings
if you don't believe that the
alternative is that somebody really did
walk in and murder 50 people there is no
man behind the curtain guys the world is
chaotic bad things happen murders happen
bad bets that's what it's about
okay there's no solace in believing that
the CIA controls the world it's not
really true
now the other reason that this is being
widely believed is because it's being
widely circulated from certain websites
here's an interesting little tidbit
they're all Donald Trump supporters why
does that matter because he's named in
the manifesto
so if they can convince you that this
didn't happen well then Donald Trump's
not responsible for the murder of fifty
people that's why people want to believe
it and that's why some people do it's
either they don't want to admit that
they've elected this guy or they need
something to believe in
they need something somebody out there
in control of all of this chaos the
world's a scary place and without
somebody pulling the strings it's
downright terrifying but the reality is
it's just a scary place anyway it's just
a thought y'all have a good night